Add some compliance docs (#19)
Oneleet/oneleet-docs: pages/guides/marketing-your-security.mdx

> import {Tabs} from 'nextra/components'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
---
title: Marketing your security
---

import {Tabs} from 'nextra/components'
```

---
title: Marketing your security
---

import {Tabs} from 'nextra/components'

# Marketing your security

> We get it — working on compliance might not be the most exciting part of running a business. But here’s the thing: your hard work on compliance is not just about ticking boxes, especially here at Oneleet. We’re actively helping you up level your security and we want to encourage you to leverage these efforts as much as possible to unlock even more customers.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We get it — working on compliance might not be the most exciting part of running a business. But here’s the thing: your hard work on compliance is not just about ticking boxes, especially here at Oneleet. We’re actively helping you level up your security and we want to encourage you to leverage these efforts as much as possible to unlock even more customers.
```

This resource is packed with actionable ideas to turn your compliance and security journey into a marketing advantage — whether you’re just starting, making progress, or celebrating your new certification.

**If these examples are too generic and you'd like more tailored suggestions, message us and we'll provide customized examples and copy!** Let us know when you post and we can repost them across our channels.

<Tabs items={['Stage 1: Starting out', 'Stage 2: In progress', 'Stage 3: Completed', 'And beyond...']}>
<Tabs.Tab>

## Stage 1 You've just begun to work on your compliance program
*Key messaging: We’re starting this journey to protect your data and business better.*

### Publish your trust center
- **What to do:** Once onboarded to the Oneleet platform, set up and publish your customizable Trust Center. You can add a link to the Trust Center on your Landing Page to show your ongoing commitment to security.

> - **How to implement:** Include this achievement to your newsletter, share the page on LinkedIn and other socials.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- **How to implement:** Include this achievement in your newsletter, share the page on LinkedIn and other socials.
```

- **Where to put it:** Place this in the FAQ section, optionally include it in a "Security & Privacy" section for easy visibility as well.

### Add the compliance badge:
Showcase your commitment to compliance by adding the Compliance Badge to your website. This badge highlights your progress on the compliance journey, giving your users confidence in your dedication to security and data protection.

- **Where to put it:** Place the badge in the footer of your website, Trust Center or on a dedicated security page.
- **How to add it:**
    
    Embed our dynamic badges directly on your website by:
    
    1. Heading to the **Frameworks** page
    2. Click the '**Compliance** **Badges**' button
    3. Choose from the available badges, and toggle between light and dark mode
    4. Embed the badge on your own site using `<img>` tags
    
    Our badges auto-update to display your compliance status ("In Progress" or "Compliant") and support all frameworks we offer: SOC2 Type 1 & 2, CIS IG1, HIPAA, ISO 27001, PCI DSS, and GDPR.
    
    ![](/marketing/badge.gif)

### Pitch deck updates

> If you’re in the fundraising and would like to add a slide in your pitchdeck outlining your security program, reach out to the Oneleet team and **we’ll create a tailored slide** for you.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you’re fundraising and would like to add a slide to your pitch deck outlining your security program, reach out to the Oneleet team and **we’ll create a tailored slide** for you.
```

</Tabs.Tab>
<Tabs.Tab>

## Stage 2 You’re in the process of completing your program
Key messaging: We’re actively building out our security foundation.

### Announce your milestones on your compliance journey, such as completing a pentest

- **What to do:** Announce the successful completion of your penetration test.
- **Add document to your Trust Center:**
    
    Enhance transparency by uploading key documents, like your penetration test report, to the document section of your Trust Center.
    
    1. Add the documents you’d like to add to your Evidence library 
    2. Go to your Trust center on the Oneleet platform
    3. Scroll down and select `+ Add documents`
    4. Add the document you’d like to add in the Evidence section and select who will be able to download the document (`public` or `request only`)

>     5. Done! (if you’d like to change the title of the document, change the document name in your Evidence library)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    5. Done! (If you’d like to change the title of the document, update its name in your Evidence library)
```

    
    > "We’re leveling up our security! Thanks to Oneleet’s in-depth penetration test, we’ve fortified our systems to keep your data safe and sound."

### Showcase progress on your Trust Center

- **Example phrasing for posts:**
    
    > "We’ve completed key milestones in our compliance journey, including implementing [specific measures]."

    > "We’re proud to share progress in our compliance journey, including achieving [specific milestone] and enhancing our security practices."

    > "Transparency matters. We’ve updated our Trust Center with the latest milestones, such as [specific measures], to keep you informed."

    > "We’ve reached new heights in safeguarding your data by implementing [specific measures]. Explore more on our Trust Center."

    > "Our compliance journey continues! Check out the Trust Center for updates on key achievements like [specific measures]."

    > "Keeping your data safe is our top priority. Learn more about our recent milestones, including [specific measures], on our Trust Center."

</Tabs.Tab>
<Tabs.Tab>

## Stage 3 You’ve completed your certification
Key messaging: We’re certified!

### **Official announcement:**

> In this official announcement, you can choose many routes to promote your achievement. Wether you want to post on your socials, include it in your newsletter, email your users, or post a blog/article about it. Here we have a few examples on how to promote your milestone.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In this official announcement, you can choose many routes to promote your achievement. Whether you want to post on your socials, include it in your newsletter, email your users, or post a blog/article about it. Below are a few examples of how to promote your milestone.
```

    >  
    > We’re proud to announce a major milestone for [Your Company]: achieving [Framework] certification! This accomplishment is a testament to our dedication to safeguarding your data and ensuring compliance with industry standards.
    >    
    > We couldn’t have done it without the trust and support of customers like you.
    >    
    > Check out more details on our website here: [link to blog or Trust Center].
    >    
    > Thank you for being part of this journey!
    >    
    > Warm regards,
    > [Your Name]
    > [Your Company]
        
    > Hi [Customer Name],
    > 
    > Big news: [Your Company] has officially achieved [Framework] certification! This is more than just a milestone—it’s our way of showing that your security and trust are always our top priorities.
    > 
    > This certification means that we’ve implemented the highest standards to protect your data and maintain compliance.
    > 
    > Learn more about how this benefits you and what’s next for [Your Company] in our [blog post or trust center] here: [link].
    > 
    > Thank you for being part of our journey!
    > 
    > Best regards,
    > [Your Name]
    > [Your Company]
        

> ### **Write an article/blog post**

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### **Write an article or blog post**
```

    2. **What the Certification Means:** Explain the certification in simple terms—what it entails and why it matters. Share how it demonstrates your company’s adherence to industry standards and dedication to data protection.
    3. **What It Means for Customers:** Outline the direct benefits for your customers, such as improved data security, trustworthiness, and reduced risk. Use this section to reassure them that their data is in safe hands.
    4. **How You Achieved It:** Briefly describe the process and efforts involved, emphasizing transparency and hard work. Mention any partners (like Oneleet) that helped along the way.
    5. **What’s Next:** Conclude by stating that the certification is just the beginning and that your company is committed to continuous improvement in security and compliance. Highlight upcoming goals or ongoing initiatives.
    6. **Call to Action:** Encourage customers to reach out with any questions or learn more on your Trust Center. You might also invite them to share the news on social media or subscribe for future updates.

> **Place your Compliance badge!**

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**Place your compliance badge!**
```
